Automobile service center example project 

Automobile Service Center Example Project in SQL Server
This project demonstrates the creation and management of a database for an automobile service center using SQL Server. It includes tables for storing information about customers, vehicles, services, and appointments. The database also includes stored procedures for performing common tasks.

Project Structure
The project is divided into the following folders:

Database: Contains the SQL scripts for creating the database and its tables, stored procedures, and views.
Data: Contains sample data for the database tables.
Documentation: Contains this readme file and other project documentation.
Prerequisites
SQL Server 2019 or later
SQL Server Management Studio
Installation
Create a new SQL Server database.
Import the SQL scripts from the Database folder into the database.
Import the sample data from the Data folder into the database tables.
Usage:
You can use SQL Server Management Studio to manage the database and perform tasks such as:

Creating and editing customer records
Creating and editing vehicle records
Scheduling appointments
Recording service history
Generating invoices
Example Use Cases
And many more
The following are some example use cases for the database:

A customer calls to schedule an oil change. The service center employee can use the database to create an appointment for the customer and record the service history for the vehicle.
A mechanic is working on a vehicle and needs to know the vehicle's service history. The mechanic can use the database to query the service history for the vehicle.
A customer wants to know how much their last service cost. The service center employee can use the database to generate an invoice for the customer's last service.
Future Enhancements:
The following are some possible enhancements to the project:

Add a web interface for the database so that customers can schedule appointments and view their service history online.
Add support for online payments.
Add a module for tracking inventory of parts and supplies.
Disclaimer:
This is an example project and is not intended for production use. It is recommended that you thoroughly test the database and its stored procedures before using it in a production environment


TraineeName:Lema Tapshe
TraineeID:1279979
Round:57

